Module: Mailing List
Version: 1.6.1
Author: Oliver Riesen <oliver@riesen.org>

Sends new posts to one or more forum specific mailing lists (for example
managed by Majordomo or Mailman).

Tested on version 5.2.21


License:
-------

Free to use, modify, or redistribute this code so long as I am given credit for
the original development somewhere. This code comes with absolutly no warranty.


Requirements:
------------

Minimum Phorum version: 5.2.21.

If you want to mail post attachments you have to install and enable the Send
Mail Through SMTP Module which is part of the core distribution of Phorum.


Installation:
------------

1. Unpack the archive.

2. Move the directory "mailinglist" to the directory "mods" within your
   Phorum installation. Don't change the directory name!

3. Login as administrator in Phorum's administrative interface and go to the
   "Modules" section.

4. Enable the module "Mailinglist".

5. Go to the settings screen for the module to add email addresses for the
   receiving mailing lists.


Module settings:
---------------

== Use system settings for stripping HTML and BBcode [tags]?

If this option is marked all HTML and BBcode [tags] are stripped from the body
depending on the "General Settings".

Default value is checked.


== Send post attachments (requires Send Mail Through SMTP Module)?

If this option is marked attachments are send to the mailing list. This
requires the Send Mail Through SMTP Module to be enabled. Take care that your
mailing list accepts attachments.

Default value is unchecked.


== Use individual FROM addresses

If this option is marked you can configure for each forum the FROM address as
sent to the mailing list. If you don't to set a FROM address for a forum, then
the system email FROM address is used.

When changing this option you have to save the settings to reflect change in
the settings form.

Default value is unchecked.


== Define mailing list destinations and email FROM addresses

Insert one or more valid destination email addresses (your mailing lists).
Separate several addresses by comma. Insert a single FROM address, or leave
blank to use the system email FROM address.


Language support:
----------------

This module supports multiple languages.

The following languages are included:

- English
- German (Sie)
- German (Du) male
- German (Du) female

If you want to translate the module to a new language, you´ll have to do the
following:

Copy lang/english.php to lang/yourlang.php (yourlang.php must have the same
name as Phorum´s main language file that you use). After this, translate the
strings in lang/yourlang.php.

If you have created a translation for this module, please post a zip file
containing lang/yourlang.php in the module thread at phorum.org, so the
translation can be added to the module package. See:
http://www.phorum.org/phorum5/read.php?62,129244


Sanity Checks:
-------------

If you have problems with this module login as administrator in Phorum's
administrative interface and go to the "System Sanity Checks" section. Check
for warnings or errors for the Mailing List Module.

The following checks are performed:

- Exists module settings?
- Send Mail Through SMTP Module enabled when Send Post Attachments option is marked?
- Exists default language file?
- Exists forum specific language file(s)?
- Custom language file(s) contains same array keys as the english file?
- Mailing list destinations are valid email addresses?
- Email FROM addresses are valid email addresses?